we'll be watching the fight
between the local cardiff team
against manchester united
let's go to the teams immediately
turn and back
oh what a mistake valencia intercepts
ball pass forward
Rooney Rooney on shock position
unfolds beats and something is open
spinning spinning wayne rooney could already
could someone think it would be covered but
through the bounce all the same ball gets into
Cardiff's gate net Rooney opens an account
in this meeting
it all started of course with cutting the turner
how did he not see antonio valencia
who was on duty there on the right brow
my tape make everything cool rooney
probably therefore with no fuss
find out here but what happened
happened he still managed to find
space to send the ball gate
among three rival football players
there too the turner jumped under the ball
marshal beats in the middle over patrice evra
there are still all
match
who was dangerous how was the Tomich
kick go gamble manchester gate
United probably has a special
attitude how are we dueling not looking
to which he can not pass three years here
so quietly even in such a club
graying especially towards the end of the city begin the series
Nicky fellow Frazer who opened
great
noa perle de nada
never evans was afonso not enough
speeds to
catch up with him and block hit
cool game you have to pass on his
Fraser's opening who was he
scored another ball in this
Season need to watch he scores nothing
shemale really
no apologize just two swords from whom
it was on account of this is not just the presence of
turnover start painting and but here
angular
it was dangerous after a corner already once
beat enemy patrice evra
ahead of the curve
no complaints manchester
absolutely
phenomenal bathed matrix us
phenomenal
look nobody was around
absolutely and the ball flew that way and
the ribs were right there
likely
poor b on turner
but just in this cabin sword
I think no
anger in a particularly tough struggle between
by force week but in general what thing can
be a wrestling question look at their height
even if you take the hair fellaini goal
manchester united goal
fergie time kim scores at 91 minutes
here she is not worthy of dollars cardiff today
defeat I am absolutely sure of it
this sure and those who stayed in the stands
cardiff city stadium duo 2 crazy
denouement just wanted to say that
standards at cardiff are not as dangerous as
rival you see who jumped
korean jumped over ferdinand this
shame for life
but probably got really excited
happens but on 1 ferdinand today and in
speeds and
riding fight replayed in ballista
m cardiff maybe age takes its
doesn't take from the euro absolutely exactly
hexane probably somewhat
still debts for many vest did
more than I pull
Rooney Rooney can put an end to this
match and I told her of war
transmission should have stronger Well as
it was possible after such hard work
after the ball in the last minute
so fall into the center of defense a
Danev the bull did not have enough steps to
complete this combination by punch and not
doubt the goal from this position he
probably already hit